_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Refine about.md: Include bio, avatar; incorporate GitHub contact; eliminate news/posts/RSS feed

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>187 Plaza Bld.</p>
    <p>Derekh ha-Universita 1</p>
    <p>Ra'anana, 4353701</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hey there! I've been on a wild teaching ride rocking Operating Systems courses at the Open University of Israel. Currently, I'm the captain of the [Workshop in Operating Systems](https://www-e.openu.ac.il/courses/20587.htm) ship. For the past chunk of time, I've been the brain behind cool didactic materials for the OS courses, making sure students not only get it but enjoy the journey. As the Teaching Coordinator for the Operating Systems Course, I played the friendly overseer of an awesome team of instructors. Let's just say, making education fun and effective has been my jam!
